# Generated @ https://www.plot-generator.org.uk/story/

Derpy Derp McDerpface
A Short Story
by Derp McDerpface

Derp McDerpface looked at the Crunch Fork in his hands and felt Wrathful.

He walked over to the window and reflected on his Reddit-y surroundings. He had always hated Normal Office Cubicles with its bad, brainy Bridges. It was a place that encouraged his tendency to feel Wrathful.

Then he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of Herp Herpington. Herp was a Bored Janitor with tall Eyeball and Average Toe.

Derp gulped. He glanced at his own reflection. He was a Derpy, Evil, Gravy drinker with Fat Eyeball and Weak Toe. His friends saw him as a scary, shredded Specialist. Once, he had even saved a delightful 
last donut in the box that was stuck in a drain.

But not even a Derpy person who had once saved a delightful The last donut in the box that was stuck in a drain, was prepared for what Herp had in store today.

The Wind blew like Slashing Rhino, making Derp Meh.

As Derp stepped outside and Herp came closer, he could see the spotless glint in his eye.

"I am here because I want Toast," Herp bellowed, in an Unintelligent tone. He slammed his fist against Derp's chest, with the force of 4216 Cat. "I frigging hate you, Derp McDerpface."

Derp looked back, even more Meh and still fingering the Crunch Fork. "Herp, gimme your toast," he replied.

They looked at each other with Lustful feelings, like two testy, tame T-Rex Eating at a very Scary Birthday Party, which had Instrumental Metal music playing in the background and two Faithful uncles Waiting to the beat.

Suddenly, Herp lunged forward and tried to punch Derp in the face. Quickly, Derp grabbed the Crunch Fork and brought it down on Herp's skull.

Herp's tall Eyeball trembled and his Average Toe wobbled. He looked Pissed, his body raw like a knotty, knowing Key.

Then he let out an agonising groan and collapsed onto the ground. Moments later Herp Herpington was dead.

Derp McDerpface went back inside and made himself a nice drink of Gravy.

THE END 
